[Music]
Mm.  And what about
Kira?  The poor little
girl who died.  About what?  Ah, from the
account.  Ah, sorry, sorry.  It's just that
we're talking about this other
topic, okay?  What I
realized about this is that I was
freaking out.  Suddenly I see that it
appears on Twitch and I say, "Why am
I following this person?"  No, no, I
'm stiff.  Ladies, Kiko Rivera
has sold his Twitter account with a
million followers to an
escort, with all due respect,
please, uh, I follow him and suddenly
I say, "But why do I get Twitch like
that?"
and I
find, I say, Kiko Rivera has changed a lot
.  Can you put a photo of ah,
which is the capture, right?  And I say, who
is Kira?  I say, why do I follow Kira?
Yes, here are Tw that prove it.
Okay, look.  Hello, Kiko Rivera.  Hey, you're such and
such.  Thank you.  Let's get down to business, shall we?  It's
a promo, I understand, right?  Here he is
talking to Alex Show, who I don't know who he
is, right?  Anyway, he's referring to Kiko and
Kiko replies, "Thanks, king. Let's get to
it."  So, Kiko Rivera sold his
Twitter account, man.  How are
things?  No, but you can look.  I need to
look.  I'm going to look for a second
followed by Ibai.  Followed by
Ibai.  Ibai, what are you doing?
How much do you think your Twit account could be worth
?  You can look at a million
followers, that's worth money.  Let's
see, but but it's I don't know how much, I don't
really know how much it costs.  How much is a ? It
is prohibited.  Let's see, that's...
Yes, of course, it's forbidden to me.  You
can't sell your YouTube channel or your
account or anything.  For in
general terms.  Ah, okay, they've already done
the topic today because they've consulted.
Generally speaking, the cost of a
Twitter account with one million
followers ranges between 30,000 and 40,000.
Just kidding, right,
man?  If a million followers are
real, but they won't have sold it
for that.  They must have come to an agreement where
he said, "Well, I'll buy it from you for
5,000 and he'll sell it, I mean, I think he
sold it for 5,000 or something like
that, something like that, you know? And how did
Kiko Rivera talk to Kira? Kiko
Rivera doesn't even speak Spanish. Let's
see, well, I don't know, but I don't
even know how you find someone
who's selling the account. I mean, the
account is advertised on some kind of
website or something because of course,
you imagine, it's not about whether you
would buy it or not, but how do you know, uh,
how do you know that you're selling it, say, an
account flea market. Come on, but let's
see, man, it's clear that he
sold it, because I'm also telling you that
when I saw But but but how does
that exchange happen, right? He from him to
me it seems that it didn't work out. I can't
imagine Kiko Rivera interacting with I
mean, I can't imagine that moment. I mean, let's
see, it's  I would love to, I would
love to talk to him, see him, and
ask him. No, no, no. I mean, let's
see, Kira, and that young lady, who's
listening, is phenomenal, huh?  Well, it's
prohibited.  Let's see, I don't know what kind of
punishment there could be for this issue because, of
course, there's no punishment for him because he
no longer has the account, he takes the
money and leaves.  Of course, the punishment
would come here. I don't know if they suspend the account or
close it, if Twitter finds out
or something like that, but of course, the one who gets
screwed is the person who
bought it, right?  But why do people
say they've been hacked?  Knowing
Kiko Rivera, if his
account had been hacked, he would have posted it on his
Instagram.  Kiko, I mean, Kiko Rivera is one
of those people who, when something happens to him, they
put Instagram, family, my
account has been hacked, no.  that he
sold it, man.  Akira, no, no.
Come on, no, no,
no.  Ah,
no, no, but they have, but they have
counted the media that he sold to you,
so it can't be that he was hacked.  But
how are they going to hack him?  But if it is But,
how?
Let's see, it could be a hack, but of course, it seems very strange to me that they hacked her and changed her completely because they usually, usually when they hack your account it is usually some cryptocurrency, eh, but of course, from a specific Only Fan user, eh,
with the link to her Only Fans, with the
Claro, if the girl has Claro that she has
Only Fans the girl, but if people have
entered the I don't understand, but apart from that, it seems
strange to me that it is a hack,
because of course, the verified symbol,
when you change photos and so on, and
you have to verify again that it is
you for them to accept the
profile photo.  So if it has the
verified sign, I think, I would say it's not
a hack, right?  No, I would say that he
has sold it.  What do you say?  that
people have gotten into
this girl's Olifas and it's what you say, the
verified one.  Of course, I understand that if
Of course, the verified and
[Music]